# 0.7.0

- Completely rewritten the UI part of the program. That means it looks better and it's a bit faster.
- Rewritten a lot of internal code, to make it faaar easier to maintain and add support for other games.
- Updated GTK-RS.
- Replaced all the FileChoosers with native ones (Yes, it uses windows FileChoosers now).
- RigidModels and Text PackedFiles now save on edit (goodbye to the `Save to PackFile` button).
- Added new `Prefer Dark Theme` option to the `Preferences` window.
- Added new `Font & Size selector` option to the `Preferences` window.
- Added new `Check updates on start` option to the `Preferences` window (disable it to improve the start time of the program).
- Added basic `Autocompletion` to Lua PackedFiles.
- Added basic `Copy/Paste` capabilities to DB and Loc PackedFiles. 
- Added a new `Create Map Prefab` experimental feature for Warhammer I & II.
- Added basic search (over their `Key` column) for DB and Loc PackedFiles.
- Added basic search to PackFile `TreeView` (only search in expanded folders for now).
- Added `Support me on Patreon` button in `About` menu.
- Text PackedFiles now uses the `Monokai Extended` theme.
- Reworked how the PackFile `TreeView` works. (more info below).
- `Rename` option has been moved to the Right-Click menu.
- Now you can copy & paste a row from a CSV file directly to a DB Table.
- Now you can associate `.pack` files in windows to RPFM and they'll be opened properly when you double-click them.
- Merged Warhammer I&II schemas. One is just an improvement over the other, so they can be merged.
- Improved PackFile opening times by about 1.2 seconds (specially noticeable in -1GB PackFiles).
- Improved general behavior of the `MyMod` feature.
- Improved a lot the `Update Checker`.
- Improved a lot the `Decoder View`.
- The `Decoder View` is now created a lot faster when trying to decode big DB Tables.
- Now you can move through the PackFile's `TreeView` using the arrow keys to expand/collapse folders.
- Changed the default font to `Segoe UI`, size 9.
- `Save` and `Export` FileChoosers no ask before trying to overwrite a file.
- Now, low importance errors are shown in the `StatusBar` at the bottom, instead of creating an error dialog.
- Fixed a CTD when you open a PackFile, select a PackedFile or Folder, and try to open another PackFile.
- Fixed missing titles in diferent windows.
- Fixed a bug that caused PackedFiles to stay open when opening another PackFile.
- Fixed a bug that caused mods with "_" in their name to omit the "_" in the "MyMod" menu.
- Fixed a bug that allowed to remove all the text of a Text PackedFile by hitting (undo).
- Fixed missing schemas for Warhammer I Tables (my fault here, forgot to pack a file in the last release).
- And a lot of little things I don't remember now.