# 0.9.0

- The entirety of the UI has been moved ***from GTK3 to Qt5***. This means many improvements, like non-wonky copy/paste.
- The program is now ***multithreaded***. This means:
  - No more ```rpfm-code.exe not responding``` messages.
  - UI faster and more responsive.
  - Checking for updates or schema updates ***no longer hangs the program***.
- Implemented ```Create Empty Folder``` feature.
- Implemented ***opening DDS*** files in RPFM.
- Implemented ```Live Filtering``` for DB Tables and Loc PackedFiles.
- Implemented ```Use PFM Extracting Behavior``` feature, in ```Preferences```.
- Implemented ```Adjust Columns to Content``` preference for DB Tables and Loc PackedFiles.
- Implemented background colors for the main TreeView, for DB Tables and Loc PackedFiles. The color code is:
  - ***Green***: Added.
  - ***Yellow***: Modified.
  - ***Magenta***: Added & Modified (only for the main TreeView). 
- Implemented animations for the TreeView.
- Updated starting tips.
- Added informational tips to the Main Menu buttons.
- Added informational Tooltips to all the checkboxes in the ```Preferences``` dialog.
- Added support for the text files ```CindyScene``` and ```CindySceneManager```.
- Added icons to the TreeView.
- Fixed a bug that caused certain ```File already exists``` to appear a lot of times when adding many existing files at the same time.
- Improved a lot performance for the ```Create DB PackedFile``` feature.
- Brutally improved performance of the ```Generate Dependency PackFile``` feature.
- Fixed ```Patch SiegeAI``` reseting the TreeView.

New shortcuts:
- TreeView: 
  - Add File: ```Ctrl+Shift+A```.
  - Add Folder: ```Ctrl+Shift+F```.
  - Add from PackFile: ```Ctrl+Shift+P```.
  - Delete: ```Ctrl+Del```.
  - Extract: ```Ctrl+E```.
  - Rename: ```Ctrl+R```.

- TableView (Tables and Locs):
  - Add Row: ```Ctrl+Shift+A```.
  - Insert Row/s: ```Ctrl+I```.
  - Delete Row/s: ```Ctrl+Del```.
  - Clone Row/s: ```Ctrl+D```.
  - Copy: ```Ctrl+C```.
  - Paste: ```Ctrl+V```.
  - Import: ```Ctrl+W```.
  - Export: ```Ctrl+E```.