# 1.0.0

- Implemented **full support for Total War: Rome 2** (starting from *ROTR* patch).
- Implemented **read-only support for Total War: Arena** (more on this later).
- Implemented **automatic decryption for encrypted PackFiles and PackedFiles** (more on this later).
- Implemented `Optimize PackFile` feature, similar to PFM's `Optimize DB PackFiles`.
- Implemented `Shortcuts` window, for those who want to check/change the shortcuts.
- Implemented **experimental automatic CTD reporting system** (AFAIK it doesn't work properly in Windows yet).
- Implemented `About/Open Manual` feature to open the new included manual in a PDF Reader.
- Implemented `Smart Delete` feature (more on this later).
- Implemented `Mass-Export TSV` feature (like `Mass-Import TSV`, but the other way around).
- Implemented `Live decoding` feature in DB Decoder, where you can just select data and RPFM will try to decode it in multiple formats.
- Cleaned/simplyfied a lot of PackFile's decoding/encoding code.
- RPFM's now is able to open correctly multiple PackFiles that before didn't open or showed as `Other` type.
- The name of the open PackFile is now shown in the title bar.
- Deprecated the `Generate Dependency PackFile` feature (no longer needed).
- Reworked the `Error` system, so it no longer throws you non-sensical errors.
- Reworked the `Settings` system, so it's no longer gets wiped out on update.
- Adding File/Folder operations now overwrite in case of conflict instead of returning an error.
- Fixed a bug that caused the colour coding in DB Decoder to be incorrect in certain situations.
- Fixed multiple logic errors that caused certain options from the menus to not be available when they actually should be it.
- Fixed a bug that caused the `Adjust columns to contents` setting to cause big tables to take up to 10 seconds to open.
- Fixed a bug were `Create DB` feature could create an invalid table.
- Fixed a bug that reported undecodeable tables as "tables without definition".
- Fixed last columns of Tables not extending to fill the available space.
- A lot of internal cleaning has been done.