# 1.1.0

- Implemented `Open From Content` feature, to quickly open mods downloaded from the Workshop.
- Implemented `Open From Data` feature, to quickly open PackFiles from the /data folder.
- Implemented `Undo/Redo` support for DB Tables and Loc PackedFiles.
- Implemented `Search & Replace` feature for DB Tables and Loc PackedFiles.
- Implemented `Global Search` feature (only DB Tables and Loc PackedFiles are included in the search).
- Implemented `Apply Prefix to Selected` feature.
- Implemented `Apply Prefix to All` feature.
- Implemented `Paste to Fill Selection` feature for DB Tables and Loc PackedFiles.
- Implemented `Copy to LUA table` feature for DB Tables.
- Implemented `Check With Kailua` feature for Lua Scripts (only for Warhammer 2).
- Implemented `Expand/Collapse All` feature for all TreeViews (shortcuts are `Ctrl++` and `Ctrl+-`).
- Implemented `Open with External Program` feature.
- Implemented a `Dependency Manager` (experimental, read the manual to know how to use it).
- Brutally improved PackFile's opening times, from nearly 4s to less than 1s (for a 36mb PackFile).
- Brutally optimized the `Smart Delete` feature (Now it takes 12s to delete 5k rows, instead 13.2 minutes).
- Filters for DB Tables and Loc PackedFiles now remember the last setting they had for every specific file, until you change the opened PackFile.
- Optimized the `Optimize PackFile` feature (now it optimizes with more optimized logic).
- Improved a bit the error report you get when trying to import a TSV of a different version of your table.
- Horizontal scrolling for DB Tables and Loc PackedFiles is now per pixel instead per cell (it's smoother).
- Fixed missing animations in `Add From PackFile` TreeView.
- Fixed CTD if you try to open an empty file as a DB Table.
- Fixed missing status bar description for some actions from the `Special Stuff` menu.
- Updated the Manual to 1.1.0.
- More stuff I forgot about.