# 1.2.0

- Implemented `Lazy-Loading` feature (improves RAM usage by a country-mile).
- Implemented `Multi-View` feature (you can edit two PackedFiles at the same time, side by side).
- Implemented `Clone and Insert` feature for Loc PackedFiles.
- Implemented `Clone and Append` feature for DB Tables and Loc PackedFiles.
- Implemented `Apply Maths to Selection` feature for DB Tables.
- Implemented `Apply Prefix to Selection` feature for DB Tables.
- Implemented `Load All CA PackFiles` feature.
- Implemented `Use Dark Theme` feature (only in Windows).
- Implemented `Regex` support for the `Global Search`.
- Implemented `Hide/Show Column` feature for DB Tables and Loc PackedFiles.
- In DB Tables, `i32` fields now use a SpinBox for editing, instead of the old LineEdit.
- Columns in DB Tables and Loc PackedFiles can now be moved.
- Now DB Tables/Loc PackedFiles remember their state (column state, filter panel, search&replace panel...) from the last time you opened them. *Column State* is optional, and can be enabled in the `Settings`.
- Implemented a setting to make RPFM remember the state of DB Tables/Loc PackedFiles even after you close the program. 
- Now you can rename/delete currently open PackedFiles.
- Reworked TSV Import/Export system to be less pedantic.
- Now TSV files include the column names in their second row. THIS IS A BREAKING CHANGE.
- Now, if a TSV file is broken and you try to import it, RPFM tells you where is broken.
- Fixed a bug that caused `Import TSV` to fail if in a boolean column one of the values wasn't exactly `true` or `false`.
- Column Tooltips in DB Tables now popup over the column header instead of over every cell.
- You can now rename folders with spaces in their name.
- Implemented new feature that allows you to flawlessly execute the `Undo/Redo` actions function with unprecedented fidelity.
- Fixed a bug that caused the `Copy` action to ignore the column order in DB Tables.
- Fixed weirdly sized dialogs in windows (`Rename` and `Mass-Import` dialogs).
- Expanded `Optimize PackFile` feature to also optimize Loc PackedFiles (only if your game's language is set to `English`).
- Updated Lua Types for Warhammer 2 (better Kailua support).
- Updated Warhammer 1&2 Schema with one more table.
- Something more I probably forgot about.