# 1.3.0

- Implemented support for **TW: Thrones of Britannia**.
- Implemented support for **TW: Shogun 2**.
- Implemented `Copy as LUA Table` feature for Loc PackedFiles.
- Implemented `CTD Logger` feature (more on that later).
- Now float fields in DB Tables use a `SpinBox` (cell with arrows to increase/decrease by one) when editing.
- Now referenced columns show a `ComboBox` when editing, and autocomplete what you write.
- Now Loc PackedFiles escape **`\n`** and **`\t`** characters automatically (more on that later).
- Now you can replace open PackedFiles (it'll warn you before, just in case).
- Now every table in the program uses alternate row colors.
- Now if RPFM fails to decode a table, it'll tell you exactly the row/column where it fails.
- Now **TW: Arena** PackFiles can be opened again (thx to Trolldemorted for this one).
- Reworked `Undo/Redo` System for DB Tables and Loc PackedFiles (more on that later).
- Replaced `X` with `*` in the `Apply Maths to Selection` dialog.
- Tweaked the size of some margins (you can say it's a *marginal* improvement).
- Fixed CTD when hitting the close button in the ***Global Search*** dialog.
- Fixed CTD when triggering any global shortcut while editing a table cell.
- Fixed CTD when trying to open encrypted PackFiles with timestamps in their index.
- Fixed a regression that caused horrible performance when editing certain tables.
- Fixed a bug that caused a fail to be incorrectly labeled as *Not Modified* after renaming it.
- Fixed a bug that caused the wrong shortcuts to be used in certain actions in Loc PackedFiles.
- Fixed a bug that caused sorted tables with selected rows to copy those rows in the wrong order.
- Fixed a bug that caused the `ComboBox` of the `Create DB Table` dialog to not be sorted alphabetically.
- Fixed a bug that caused wrong colors to be used in the DB Decoder in Windows while using the dark theme.
- Fixed a bug that caused some of the `Paste XXX` actions to not work on checkboxes if the text to paste wasn't exactly `true` or `false`.
- Fixed a bug that caused `Float` columns to not being properly optimized by `Optimize PackFile` due to accuracy issues.
- Fixed a bug that caused PackedFiles with uppercase in their name to save wrongly and crash the game.
- Cleaned and simplified a ton of internal code. You don't see it, but internally RPFM works better.
- Changed the compiler used in Windows builds from `GNU` to `MSVC`. 
- And, as always, more stuff I forgot about.