# 1.5.0

- Implemented ***Multi-Selection support*** for the Main TreeView.
- Implemented ***Multi-Extraction support*** for the Main TreeView.
- Implemented ***Multi-Deletion support*** for the Main TreeView.
- Implemented `Merge DB/Loc` feature.
- Implemented support for creating relative paths with the `Create PackedFile` feature.
- Documentation rewritten and moved to [https://frodo45127.github.io/rpfm](https://frodo45127.github.io/rpfm).
- Documentation expanded with explanation about DB Types.
- Documentation expanded with RPFM Changelogs.
- Documentation expanded with Schema Changelogs.
- Internally simplified `Add Row` feature.
- Internally simplified `Insert Row` feature.
- Reworked `Apply Prefix to Selection` into `Rewrite Selection`.
- Reworked `Paste in selection` into `Paste` (similar to excel's `Paste` mode).
- Reworked `Apply Maths to Selection` to allow far more complex mathematical operations.
- Reworked DB Tables and Loc PackedFiles UI modules into a single common module.
- Removed the `Use PFM Extracting Behavior` setting (now it just works like that).
- Actions previously exclusive of DB Tables (like `Apply Maths`) now work in Locs too.
- Fixed CTD when you `Ctrl+Click` two times on an element of the `Add From PackFile` TreeView.
- Fixed a bug that caused DB Tables saved for Empire and Napoleon to crash their respective game on launch.
- Fixed a bug that caused DB Tables and Locs that had just be created/added to lose their color in the Main TreeView when opened.
- Fixed a bug that, under very specific circustances, caused all contextual menu's actions to be greyed out until restart.
- Fixed a bug that caused copied cells from sorted columns to be copied unsorted.
- Now new rows are automatically added if you try to paste something in a DB/LOC Table and there are not enough rows for it.