# 1.6.0

- Implemented basic support for ***Three Kingdoms***.
- Implemented ***Per-PackFile Notes*** feature.
- Implemented ***Multi-Renaming support*** for the Main TreeView.
- Implemented ***Optimize Non-Renamed PackedFiles*** setting.
- Implemented ***Check Tables*** feature, to check all the tables in your PackFile for broken references.
- Implemented support for creating relative paths with the `Create Folder` feature.
- Implemented all Table DB/LOC features for the `Dependency Manager`.
- Improved how the UI looks on Windows on both, light and dark themes.
- Optimized the `Generate PAK File` feature for Shogun 2, Rome 2, Attila and Thrones. 
- Reworked `Open PackFile` to allow you to open multiple PackFiles as one.
- Reworked `Rename PackedFile` feature to work like the `Rewrite Selection` feature.
- Removed both `Apply Prefix` features (that's done in the `Rename PackedFile` feature now.
- Now the `Rename PackedFile` dialog uses the PackedFile's current name in the "New Name" LineEdit.
- Completely reworked the entire code responsible for the Main TreeView. Main benefits:
	- Backend and Frontend are now **fully independent** (CLI incoming!).
	- Fixed a bug that caused RPFM to hang when deleting an empty folder.
	- Fixed a very old bug that caused files inside folders with their same name to not be shown correctly in the TreeView.
	- Fixed a ton of oddities with the TreeView coloring in corner cases.
	- Fixed a ton of miscellaneous bugs and oddities related to the Main TreeView and all features interacting with it.
- Fixed a bug that caused the `Load All CA PackFiles` feature to fail on Warhammer 2.
- Fixed a bug that caused the Main TreeView to be locked if you changed the current PackFile while having the `Add from another PackFile` TreeView open.
- Fixed a bug that caused the `Generate PAK File` feature to not work in Thrones.
- Fixed a bug that caused the `Import TSV` feature to sometimes fail when importing Loc TSV Files.
- Fixed a CTD when pasting text that requires new rows to be fully pasted.
- Fixed `Apply Maths` not working on divisions.
- Fixed multiple bugs and issues affecting the `Schema Diff Generator` feature.
- Fixed multiple bugs and issues affecting the `Generate PAK File` feature.
- Fixed multiple bugs and issues affecting the `Dependency Checker` feature.
- Fixed abysmal pasting times on tables.
- Fixed wrong line number reported on DB Table decoding error.
- Fixed multiple wrong references in all schemas since Shogun 2.
- Splitted Warhammer's schema into Warhammer 1 and Warhammer 2 schemas.
- Updated docs to 1.6.0. 