# 2.0.0

- Rewritten the entire program to not be a freaking spaguetti mess.
- Splitted the program into four parts:
    + `RPFM Error`: Internal lib for error management.
    + `RPFM Lib`: Library containing the core functionality of RPFM.
    + `RPFM Cli`: CLI tool to do some limited PackFile Management from the CLI.
    + `RPFM UI`: The UI you remember, but better.
- Updated the structure of the Schemas (now they hold more data).
- New icons for RPFM and the Game Selected, by Jake Armitage.
- Many heavy backend operations have been made multithreaded.
- All config-related stuff is now saved into the user folder, so it's kept after updating RPFM.
- Implemented new cli tool to support scripting and comand line users.
- Implemented localisation support for RPFM UI.

- General:
    + Kenobi.
    + Implemented new `Launch Game Selected` feature.
    + Implemented new `Open RPFM's Config Folder` feature.
    + RPFM now correctly saves compressed PackFiles.
    + The icon of the program now changes with the Game Selected.
    + The icon of the program now shows up in the background when no PackedFiles are open.
    + A warning will now pop up when opening a PackFile causes the game selected to change.
    + PackedFiles now open in Tabs, which can be preview (closes when opening another tab) or full (double click, closes only when you close it).
    + `Open PackFile` now should be a few times faster.
    + `Save PackFile` now should be a few times faster.
    + `Patch SiegeAI` now is a few times faster.
    + `Add from PackFile` now has a filter.
    + `PackFile Filter` now works properly, and the `Filter by folder` button has been removed.
    + Removed tips from the right side of the program.

- Global Search:
    + Reworked Global Serach to be fast and more useful.
    + Implemented `Global Replace` feature.
    + Implemented `Global Replace All` feature.
    + Global Search now supports Text files and Schemas.
    + Reworked results view to make more sense.

- Settings:
    + Removed a few deprecated settings.
    + Implemented `Tight Mode for Tables` setting.
    + Implemented `Hide background Game Selected Icon` setting for those that doesn't like the new background icon.
    + Implemented `Debug Menu` setting.
    + Implemented custom font support.
    + Implemented custom text editor settings.

- Shortcuts:
    + Revised and simplified the entire shortcut set.
    + Reworked the shortcuts window.

- PackFiles:
    + Implemented `New Queek File` feature.
    + Implemented `Update Table` feature.
    + `Open with Decoder` now works with more than tables.
    + `Open with External Program` now saves back the changes to the PackFile.
    + Removed RigidModel support.

- Tables (DB & Loc):
    - Implemented `Reset Selection` feature.
    - Implemented `Resize Columns` feature.
    - Removed `Open in Multi-View` feature.
    - All `Paste` features got merged into one that does one thing or another depending on the context.
    - `Copy as Lua Table` now works on keyless tables.
    - `Rewrite Selection` now does some limited number operations.
    - Search and Replace now works on checkboxes.
    - Column order is now defined in the schema, instead of being calculated based on key columns. Old behavior is kept when no order is defined in the schema.
    - Fixed columns not in order in filter combobox.
    - Improvements all over the place.

- Text:
    + Replaced old text editor with KTextEditor.
    + This means you now have syntax highlighting, autocompletion, code map, folding,...
    + Fixed multiple issues with PackedFiles of different encodings.
    + Removed `Check with Kailua` feature.

- Images:
    - Increased performance when opening images.
    - Images now resize themselfs with the UI size.
    - More image types can be opened (still no full dds support).

* CA_VP8:
    - Implemented support for converting videos between CA's format and VP8 IVF (Improved from Jonh Serrit's converter).

- Many little things I don't remember right now. It's been almost a year in development. My memory has a limit.
